Mom
Just listen to me and go to the hospital to have a look.
I'm not going to you to gamble
Killed his wife
The child is also sold.
I'm dead.
What is that?
I also regret what happened between Xiaoyan and Rourou
But I can't lose you anymore
Why don't you come to the hospital with me?
Even if I die
Don't spend
Your penny.
Mom?
Don't Call Me Mom
You wicked
You still look at Xiaoyan with your face
Give that 500,000
That's life-saving money for Xiaoyan
You gambled all night
Are you still human?
Mom Xiaoyan
It's our old family
Sorry.
Even if this bastard doesn't recognize your mother
Recognize you as a daughter-in-law
No matter how much money you borrow
Mom won't let you down
Mom
Yixiu, he Xiaoyan, you don't need to say it.
I'm in a hurry.
Why don't you hurry up and get out?
As long as I'm here
You don't want to cheat a penny from Xiaoyan
I used to be sorry for you
Sorry Xiaoyan
But I have changed it.
Xiaoyan's medical expenses and hospital expenses
I have solved it all
You little brat
Lying doesn't blush anymore
500,000 you say it's solved
I won't kill you today
Auntie Yiqiu really didn't lie this time
He has already settled Xiaoyan's medical expenses.
And I also made a lot of money
The 1 million of this box is earned in autumn